## Convert some long sentences to lists

Consider:

>To alter the usual flow of a loop, you may use either a **break** statement (which hops you out of the current loop) or a **continue** statement (which skips past the remainder of the current iteration of the current loop).


When you see the conjunction **or** in a long sentence, consider refactoring that sentence into a bulleted list. 
When you see an embedded list of items or tasks within a long sentence, consider refactoring that sentence into a bulleted or numbered list.
For example, the preceding example contains the conjunction **or**, so let's convert that long sentence to the following bulleted list:

>To alter the usual flow of a loop, call one of the following statements:

- `break`, which hops you out of the current loop.
- `continue`, which skips past the remainder of the current iteration of the current loop.
### Exercise

Refactor the following sentences into something shorter and clearer. Make sure that your answer contains a list:

1. To get started with the Frambus app, you must first find the app at a suitable store, pay for it using a valid credit or debit card, download it, configure it by assigning a value for the `Foo` variable in the `/etc/Frambus` file, and then run it by saying the magic word twice.
2. KornShell was invented by David Korn in 1983, then a computer scientist at Bell Labs, as a superset of features, enhancements, and improvements over the Bourne Shell (which it was backwards compatible with), which was invented by Stephen Bourne in 1977 who was also a computer scientist at Bell Labs.
## Resolution

> Get started with the Frambus app:
1. Find the app at a suitable store
2. Pay for the app using a debit or credit card
3. Download the app
4. To configure it, assign a value for the Foo variable in the /etc/Frambus file
5. Run the app by saying the magic word twice 


The following two Bell Labs computer scientists invented popular shells:

- Stephen Bourne invented the Bourne Shell in 1977.
- David Korn invented the KornShell in 1983.

The KornShell is a backwards-compatible superset of the Bourne Shell, containing many improvements over the older shell.
