
A **clause** is an independent logical fragment of a sentence, which contains an actor and an action. Every sentence contains the following:

- A main clause
- Zero or more subordinate clauses

Subordinate clauses modify the idea in the main clause. As the name implies, subordinate clauses are less important than the main clause. For example, consider the following sentence:

> Python is an interpreted programming language, which was invented in 1991.
> 
> - Main clause: Python is an interpreted programming language
> - Subordinate clause: which was invented in 1991

Some subordinate causing words
- which
- that
- because
- whose
- until
- unless
- since

One sentence =  one idea

[Following the single responsibility clause](/home/feld/Desktop/learningWithDaniel/markdownCheatsheet.MD)

If the subordinate clause does not extend the main sentence idea, it should be it's own sentence.

### Exercise

Determine which of the sentences contain subordinate clauses that should be branched off into separate sentences. (Don't rewrite the sentences, just identify the sentences that should be rewritten.)

1. Python is an interpreted language, which means that the language can execute source code directly.
2. Bash is a modern shell scripting language that takes many of its features from KornShell 88, which was developed at Bell Labs.
3. Lisp is a programming language that relies on Polish prefix notation, which is one of the systems invented by the Polish logician Jan Łukasiewicz.
4. I don't want to say that Fortran is old, but only radiocarbon dating can determine its true age.
## Resolution

1. Subordinate extends the idea
2. Has a subordinate that should be it's own sentence
3. Has a subordinate that should be it's own sentence
4. Subordinate extends the idea



## That and Which distinction

In the US:
Which should be used only for non-essential subordinate sentences.
That should be used for essential subordinate sentences.

Place a comma before **which**; do not place a comma before **that**.